Update db export script to generate PII scrubbed copy of the Job Server production database (#5437)
opensafely-core/job-server: jobserver/jobs/yearly/dump_sanitised_db.md

1. Dumped the production schema (`schema.sql`) and annotated each table with comments about which columns might contain sensitive data.
2. For each table, either marked it “looks good” (everything is safe) or listed the exact columns we wanted to retain. Any column omitted from the list is automatically replaced with fake values in the scratch schema.
3. Stored the final allow list under `jobserver/jobs/yearly/allow_list.json`. The integration test `tests/integration/test_dump_sanitised_db.py` checks that every table/column in the allow list still exists in the current schema so we notice if migrations drift.

When adding new columns/tables, update the allow list accordingly. If a column is sensitive but referenced by the UI, we keep it in the schema but set its values to fake data (so the schema stays intact).

## Manually testing the script

We can manually test this script by following these steps:

1. Switch to a virtual environment

2. Copy dotenv-sample and rename copy to .env

```
scripts/dev-env.sh .env
```

3. Start docker and install requirements

```
just docker/db
just devenv
```

> 4. In another terminal, download and restore the latest production database dump to a separate database. We need to do this so that the sanitised db script can use this production like db when creating a sanitised dump. In real case scenario, we would not need to do this as we will be pointing the db on dokku server.

Reviewer: minor, wording:

```suggestion
4. In another terminal, download and restore the latest production database dump to a separate database so we can run the script against it without changing the local `jobserver` database. In production, the script runs directly against the production `jobserver` database.
```
